as you can we have a visual on Mars race
for our entry engage artificial
intelligence support commencing circular
rotation crash investigation should
include the government's lead
investigator people need answers the
families need answers the people can
wait good morning mission supervisor
Mackenzie Wilson good morning RT I'm
pleased to report that all systems are
nominal on the Mars Lander craft let's
see if we could find out what happened
let's give it a shot
launch countdown initiated why are we
launching five hours early who
authorized it I did our T's taking lead
on the crash investigation you are
living in his world now we created AI to
help us not to lead us
Ava needs to be smart not human
I have an origin unknown what are we
looking at Aqueduct or you artificial
intelligence her alien intelligence be
prepared for every possibility
warning unidentified satellite detected
firing please tell me I'm hallucinating
sorry McKenzie I mission controller a we
friends who knows what is capable of
[Music]
this is an international incident no no
no you have to stop them
the human race must adapt on Paris
it's everything we were warned about
[Music]